[docs] Add a note that cdpPort is required when you override the user dir (#5809)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/guides/concepts/browsers.md

testcafe chrome:d:\chrome_portable\chrome.exe:userProfile tests/test.js
```

> Set the [cdpPort](#emulator-parameters) property to `9222` if you use the `:userProfile` flag and video recording in Chrome and Chromium-based browsers:

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this sentence. Do you mean:

```suggestion
If you use the `:userProfile` flag, set the [cdpPort](#emulator-parameters) property to `9222`  to record videos in Chrome and Chromium-based browsers.
```
